com/example/garrapp/databinding/ActivityTusreportesBinding.java
 com.example.garrapp.databinding.ActivityTusreportesBinding
com/example/garrapp/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 com.example.garrapp.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
com/example/garrapp/InstitucionesAliadasActivity.java
 com.example.garrapp.InstitucionesAliadasActivity
com/example/garrapp/databinding/ActivityListadosBinding.java
 com.example.garrapp.databinding.ActivityListadosBinding
com/example/garrapp/NoticiasActivity.java
 com.example.garrapp.NoticiasActivity
 com.example.garrapp.NoticiasActivity$1
com/example/garrapp/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.garrapp.MapsActivity
 com.example.garrapp.MapsActivity$1
com/example/garrapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.garrapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/garrapp/databinding/ActivityNoticiasBinding.java
 com.example.garrapp.databinding.ActivityNoticiasBinding
com/example/garrapp/LoginTabFragment.java
 com.example.garrapp.LoginTabFragment
com/example/garrapp/PrincipalActivity.java
 com.example.garrapp.PrincipalActivity
 com.example.garrapp.PrincipalActivity$1
com/example/garrapp/ListadosActivity.java
 com.example.garrapp.ListadosActivity
 com.example.garrapp.ListadosActivity$1
com/example/garrapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.garrapp.LoginActivity
com/example/garrapp/databinding/ActivityPrincipalBinding.java
 com.example.garrapp.databinding.ActivityPrincipalBinding
com/example/garrapp/Registro.java
 com.example.garrapp.Registro
com/example/garrapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.garrapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/garrapp/databinding/ActivityRegistroBinding.java
 com.example.garrapp.databinding.ActivityRegistroBinding
com/example/garrapp/TusReportesActivity.java
 com.example.garrapp.TusReportesActivity
 com.example.garrapp.TusReportesActivity$1
com/example/garrapp/SignupTabFragment.java
 com.example.garrapp.SignupTabFragment
com/example/garrapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.garrapp.BuildConfig
com/example/garrapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.garrapp.MainActivity
com/example/garrapp/LoginAdapter.java
 com.example.garrapp.LoginAdapter
com/example/garrapp/databinding/LoginTabFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.garrapp.databinding.LoginTabFragmentBinding
com/example/garrapp/databinding/ActivityInstitucionesAliadasBinding.java
 com.example.garrapp.databinding.ActivityInstitucionesAliadasBinding
com/example/garrapp/databinding/ActivityAnimalesEncontradosBinding.java
 com.example.garrapp.databinding.ActivityAnimalesEncontradosBinding
com/example/garrapp/AnimalesEncontrados.java
 com.example.garrapp.AnimalesEncontrados
